Section-12 (Create an API): In which I learned
     1. what is API:- An API will make our app's functionality accessible through programmatic requests instead of being tightly coupled to a specific environment(currently the web browser).
     2. Advantages of API:-
        1. Automation: This is the first most concrete benefit of using API. Instead of people, computers will do the work, hence cutting down the total time. With the help of APIs, developers can manage work faster and update the workflows in a way that they become more productive in a short time. Many companies equip their developers with API’s because it is a fast approach to completing a task and also requires less human effort.
        2. More Scope: The irony behind using any modern interface is to paddle information in a short time in the safest way possible. By incorporating API into the system, an application layer can help to distribute information smoothly to other systems and introduce services to new customers. The intriguing part about this interface is it allows developers to create a personalized service for new audiences. Therefore, API is the need of the hour and has the power to bring dynamic change in the company systems.
	3. Efficiency: Once you get access to the API, it is easy for the new content to get published fast. The system publishes the content automatically and makes it available for every channel. Therefore, the content gets shared with massive audience easily. This feature is also less time consuming and less costly as compared to traditional marketing
	4. Adaptation: Every system needs to be changed over time, and Custom API helps in changing the system fast. For many companies, it takes a lot of time and money to introduce a new change in the system. If you incorporate this technology into the system, you will experience better data migration, and the information can also be reviewed better. Had another interface been incorporated, the results would have never been great as compared to API.
	5. New Data Available: The best thing about API is its amazing feature of social equality. Whenever there’s information to be shared with all the citizens of the state, API shares it with every person and not selected people from few cities or towns. However, if this responsibility were to be given to another system, things would have been completely different. For this to happen, you must incorporate a suitable API into the system
